Update docs (Python 3 is actually supported) (#1040)
dronekit/dronekit-python: docs/develop/installation.rst

**Installation notes:**

* Install `dronekit` with `pip` inside a virtualenv:
    
  .. code-block:: bash

      python3 -m venv .venv
      . .venv/bin/activate

>       pip install dronekit

Reviewer: You've specified a version for Python but not for pip.  Probably want to be consistent.

Author: Once the virtualenv is activated, `pip` and `pip3` always point to the version of `pip` inside the virtualenv.

      
* On Linux you may need to first install **pip** and **python-dev**:
    
  .. code-block:: bash

      sudo apt-get install python-pip python-dev
      

>   Alternatively, you can use the `ensurepip` module to install or upgrade Pip on Python 3:

Reviewer: So does this not work on python2?  Should we leave the easy_install stuff in that case?

Author: Actually it's supported also for Python 2.7: https://docs.python.org/2.7/library/ensurepip.html
I'll change the line

>   Alternatively, you can use the `ensurepip` module to install or upgrade Pip on Python 3:

Author: ```suggestion
  Alternatively, you can use the `ensurepip` module to install or upgrade Pip on your system:

```
